---
title: eFMI tutorial and forum at the 15th International Modelica Conference
date: 2023-09-11
---

We are happy to announce that there will be an extensive tutorial on current eFMI tooling and a forum for eFMI discussions at the [15th International Modelica Conference](https://2023.international.conference.modelica.org/), Oct 9-11, 2023, Aachen, Germany.

If you are interested to join, please write an e-mail to:
 - efmi-info@googlegroups.com (_public_ mailing list)
 - Christoff.Buerger@3ds.com (private e-mail address of MAP eFMI project leader, if you do not want your mail in public space)

## eFMI tutorial

**Time:** Monday, 09/Oct/2023, 1:30pm - 4:30pm (including 30min coffee break)

**Abstract:** We demonstrate the current state-of-the-art of available eFMI tooling. Participants will get a very high-level overview of the eFMI worklflow and a hands-on experience of it for selected Modelica example models. They will configure a tooling workflow from acausal physics models in Modelica down to embedded target code and have a chance to investigate the generated eFMUs and their various intermediate model representations. Besides setting up and experiencing the eFMI workflow, we will also focus on the non-functional quality criteria satisfied by the generated solutions, like traceability within eFMUs, MISRA C:2012 conformance of generated production code and other code quality criteria like static memory allocation and error handling.

**Requirements:** Included in conference fee. All required software -- except operating system -- will be provided to participants (please make sure to write an e-mail that you like to participate to get timely access). Participants need their own computer with Windows 10/11 64-Bit, x86.

## eFMI forum

**Time:** Thursday, 12/Oct/2023:, 9:30am - 12:00am (noon).

**Abstract:** Open discussion panel providing an opportunity to get in contact with MAP eFMI and publicly discuss ideas, feedback, requirements and new use cases; or simply clarify any questions you have about eFMI.

**Requirements:** Included in conference fee but not part of the conference. _No_ food (coffee break, lunch).
